you
hey guys I'm so excited for this video
topic today something I should have done
a long time ago I apologize a lot of you
have written to me and asked about plus
sizes I've worked as a stylist for many
years and when I work with real women
hardly anyone is a size 2 okay most
people are most people that I've worked
with are in the eighth I would say to 18
range and so I have seen firsthand how
grim the selection is for you beautiful
plus-sized ladies it's horrible you
really don't have a lot of options there
really isn't a lot of modern options so
what I want to talk to you guys about
today are my top 3 plus size shopping
places sources that I would use with
clients and share those with you and
then the more exciting part perhaps is
that I'm going to also do a
corresponding blog which you see right
here busby style calm and the blog is
going to have those three places that I
recommend as well as some additional
ones and my picks for you plus-sized
ladies from those places so the first
place I want to talk to you guys about
is where you can find really trendy
fashion forward plus size pieces and
that's a sauce calm asos.com a sauce
offers free shipping over a certain
dollar amount i believe it's a wonderful
resource their line is called a sauce
curve and they have fashion forward
decent quality pieces for affordable
prices the lines usually run small real
small and I tend to order one size up
from what I would normally wear so if
I'm wearing a size 4 traditionally I
would order a size 6 and their options
for plus-size women are terrific I think
they're modern they're fresh they're
interesting so definitely check out asus
com and again i will put some of my pics
from the site on my blog the second
place i would recommend for plus-size
women to shop is Nordstrom Nordstrom is
really
go to store for clients period I love
nordstrom I think it has a great range
of things from less quality but more
affordable prices too high high quality
more expensive prices and everything in
the middle it feels like the right kind
of store for most of the clients i'm
working with or at a point in their
lives where they want to spend and
invest a little bit of money on their
personal style but maybe not like
breaking the bank so i think they're
plus size department is the best in
terms of stocking up on your basics
those basic pieces i talk about all the
time it's so vitally important to have
those basics covered because your
wardrobe is like your house you need to
have a solid foundation in order to
build on it and so you need to have
those basics that start or wardrobe in
order to have great style and build on
that and basics are definitely the type
of pieces you want to invest a little
bit of money in so I suggest loading up
on your basics at nordstrom again I've
put a lot of options for you guys on the
blog so be sure to check that out the
third place I want to tell you about
that I love for plus-size women is
dillards and specifically for either a
little black dress or an evening gown
and cocktail dress some sort of evening
event that you have I would always take
clients to Dillard's because they just
had more of a selection there for
plus-size women for evening evening wear
so I picked a bunch of little black
dresses and cocktail and evening gowns
for you guys to browse through on the
blog so be sure to check that out but
diller to be my third favorite
specifically for little black dresses
and evening attire you may also want to
check out sex sex has a boutique called
salon Z specifically geared for
plus-size women 14 to 24 and they have
some great great high quality pieces
really terrific pieces definitely a
higher price point I did pick a few of
those two and put them on the blog I
think what I would do
if I were you is I would look on that
site occasionally when I'm looking for
some sort of statement piece or standout
piece that I want to spend a little bit
of money on or a little bit more money
on because again you want to spend some
money on your basics and make sure there
are a good high quality basic but when
you're looking for something special
that's where I would look so I hope that
helps you guys with your plus size
shopping I know how challenging it is
because I've worked with clients who are
plus-sized and I've worked with my mom's
plus size and it's it's tough I mean
there are not many options out there so
I feel for you guys I'm here to help you
I hope you've noticed that on the blog
now I am trying to offer a third row
option in terms of shopping suggestions
that will have plus petite and tall so
I'm time permitting always going to have
that third row box in there so make sure
you take advantage of that resource and
let me know if you have any questions at
all don't forget to subscribe and I will
see you next time bye bye yeah my oh yes
I'll turn frozen I turned frozen down to
film us so it's got to be sure baby and
I are going to drop off gauges paperwork
for t-ball